# September 18, 2024 
The challenges we encountered when doing the maze was trying to get the lines perfect, it was hard to do it and we couldn't make it straight. To overcome or resolve this problem, we used a ruler to make straight lines and we used the inches on the ruler to see how long our lines would be. I made a few mistakes because I messed up some of the lines and I wasn't accurate. I learned from my mistake and was able to make the line perfectly, learning from mistakes is good because you can practice to do better. 
# September 19, 2024
We approched programming the Sphero by putting exactly 2-3 codes, Putting delay's and the time, speed and distance code. The delay stops the ball for a second so that the Sphero doesn't move around a whole bunch. We delay it so it doesn't move around in one big line and leave the maze, we want it in the maze and following the path. We set the speed not to high so that it doesn't leave the maze path, we set it to about 40 to 50 speed. Every time, speed and distance code is placed we put a delay code below it, this is to make it delay after the time, speed and distance code is finished. Lastly, the adjustments we needed to make was changing the time so that we could perfectly make it accurate after each stop.
# September 20, 2024
The Hour of Code activity I completed was the Create a T-Rex Game. The thing I found interesting about the game was the coding part, I was able to make the T-Rex jump and walk to the coins. Some difficulties I had with the activity was that I had a bit of trouble coding the game and I got a bit stuck. I watched the video again and was able to do the code and made the T-Rex jump. Other then that I went through all the steps easy peasy like taking candy from a baby. Some other things I found interesting was I was able to make noise while coding the jump to the T-Rex. Another thing is that there is a theme in the background that is the tetris theme. Other stuff that was interesting was I was able to code a whole game over screen and I think that's really cool. Another thing is that I was able to change the dino's color and the ocean and sky color, I really like the texture of it and the many colors it comes in. Another interesting thing is that I was able to program obstacles which were cactusis and when I hit them it gave me a game over screen. 
# September 27, 2024
What I found more easier to use is CodeCombat, the reason why is because on CodeCombat you can learn more about how to code. On codeCombat it's easier because all you need to do is type some words and your character will move. Sphero helped me solve coding challenges because there are guides to help you along the way. On CodeCombat there is an option that will give you hints, it will give you steps and help you code and fight enemies. I had more flexibility in CodeCombat because there was so much to do, there was so many options to choose from and you had abilities. Python can be more useful because it gives you more options on coding and how to do them. 
# September 30, 2024
Computer science plays a role directly with coding. Like a program, it has coding and can function. As well as games that you play, every game that is designed has some part of coding. Coding impacts my life because I actually really like it, I would consider having a job for it. An app that you use from a phone also has some part of coding. Without coding there would be no games, no programs, etc. With coding you get to have game, programs, etc.
# October 7, 2024
A career job revolving around computer science that I would love to have in the future is coding. Coding can be in many ways, for example games, websites and programs. The one that interests me the most are games because you can code a game in many different ways. Design skills and knowledge, analytical thinking skills, the ability to write computer programs, etc. You would need a bachelor's degree to do game coding. For growth you can increase project and team management or growth into a lead designer on a project. This aligns with my interests and goals with computer science because I can learn in computer science and there's many coding stuff you can do.
# October 7,2024
Learning to code is valuable regarding the industry I would work in because in game coding it's basically like inputing things into a computer. you have to input a score, movement of your character, and much much more. Coding can improve problem-solving skills because a computer will take things litteraly, it will sometimes give an error and we sometimes make mistakes when we code. This allows us to learn from our mistakes and do better. Unterstanding coding could help me or someone in industries not directly related to technology or healthcare or finance or education because it can also be used to analyze data and solve problems. Coding can enhance creativity and collaboration because people that practice in coding can help others work together in making a app or a game or anything. It can enhance creativity because it can help you develop problem-solving skills.  
